Boom.
I'm very fascinated by
the fact you haven't
shown much interest
in
Mr. Mike McQuigg.
Are you investigating me?
No.
Studying.
No one here
pities you.
I'm your friend.
Count on that.
Celine: Owen.
He's into you.
Harry:
This might be the first time
you've had a friend die --
She didn't die,
she was killed.
Don't any of you ever stop
to wonder who you are anymore?
Resignation accepted.
I saw the pregnancy test
in your bag.
You must have opened up
someone else's bag.
It's probably nothing,
false alarm.
But if you were sure, you
wouldn't have bought the test.
And now you're scared
to take it.
Alex: I thought I had
it all figured out.
Or at least,
I was figuring it out.
And then, wham.
Life throws you a curveball.
Now I'm questioning everything.
Things that I thought
were my strengths...
maybe they're my weaknesses.
The things that I thought
were most important,
maybe they're just not.
Even my job at the FBI, I...
A job I loved so much,
it just makes me --
makes me feel empty.
It's worse than empty.
It's like it's
chipping away at my soul.
And I just don't think my soul
is worth $65K a year.
I know something has to change.
I just don't know what it is
or how to change it.
Thank you
for sharing, Alex.
Man: Thanks for sharing.
Hey.
Took me two months
to work up the nerve
to share like that
in here.
I hope it's as discreet
as they say.
That's why the group
was created.
A 12-step program
for the IC
with high-level
security clearance?
It's AA for spies.
Discretion is essential.
As long as I don't
reveal any nuclear codes?
Do you have them?
Give me a pen,
and I'll write them down.
It gets easier.
I know.
I'll get used to it.
I can relate, you know.
Suddenly feeling like
your life isn't your own
and like you're powerless
to change it.
Have you given any thought yet
to asking for a sponsor?
No, I think I'm good.
Thanks, though.
I just --
No, please, I'm not saying
it needs to be me.
But this process...
you can't do it alone.
Do you have anyone you can
call when things get bad?
Yeah.
Then, let me
help you, Alex.
Hey.
Call me, day or night.
I mean it.
You may regret it, but I'm gonna
take you up on that offer.
Thanks, David.
All right, Alex.
You hear that?
I'm in.
Nice work, Alex.
Three long weeks of bad coffee
and sugar cookies.
And now David Quintana
is your new best friend.
Oh, I prefer my old one.
Who are you
calling old?
Three weeks ago, we tasked
an elite unit with infiltrating
First Pledge International,
a key contractor to the U.S.
in Afghanistan during
Operation Enduring Freedom,
who we now believe to be
colluding with some of
America's greatest enemies.
I am now going to turn
the floor over to Owen Hall,
who heads up the unit
who will cut the head off
this snake
once and for all.
Good afternoon.
Senator, we do not accept
that U.S. law can be enforced
on foreign soil.
My men are not regular military
and are therefore immune to --
After a series of scandals,
Garrett King,
the founder of
First Pledge International,
has found himself and his
company persona non grata
to the Pentagon.
That hasn't stopped him, though.
He's continued to recruit
soldiers and various agents
from the intelligence community
into his small army
and has now become a clear
and present danger to the U.S.
Now, King is careful,
slippery, and has, heretofore,
managed to shield himself
from any and all prosecution.
This is David Quintana,
a little-known researcher
for the Senate
Intelligence Committee,
who we believe to be one of
King's top recruiters
and a trusted lieutenant.
Now, one of my agents
has managed to get
close to Quintana and is in
the process of being recruited
into First Pledge.
General Sharpe:
In the process?
Mr. Hall, DIA is saying
that two North Korean generals
slipped into Newark
last night,
here to do business
with King.
What's the plan for that?
Infiltration doesn't happen
overnight, General.
We've presented Quintana with
a candidate to cultivate --
Walk me through your
methodology.
♪♪
Once he knows she's
willing to shake loose...
he vets her
in every way he can.
He'll know where she goes,
what she does, who she talks to.
Ugly's on your six...
and there's a camera
in the car across the street.
♪♪
Try to convince her
it's in her best interest
to join First Pledge.
But that won't be enough.
He'll need leverage,
just to make sure.
♪♪
You're clear
for the next 45.
♪♪
Woman: All right, spinners,
get on those bikes!
We're about to burn in hell.
♪♪
Decaf Americano
with a dollop of foam.
Just how you like it.
Okay.
Give me your comms.
I have batteries.
Owen wants to talk to you.
Mm-hmm.
Just let me have a sip of this
coffee and breathe for a second.
How are you doing?
Fine.
You sure?
What are we talking
about, exactly?
Since you found out
you were pregnant,
you haven't wanted
to talk about it at all.
I'm your friend.
I'm worried about you.
Yeah, don't be.
My spin class ends
in 38 minutes.
Let's call Owen.
How we doing, Alex?
Steady progress.
David and I are meeting
for coffee tonight after AA.
He hasn't brought up
First Pledge yet,
but he's building to it.
The task force
is getting impatient.
They need to relax.
I takes time to
gain an asset's trust.
I'm aware of that.
But if two North Korean
generals are here
to talk to King, we can guess
their mission is significant.
Getting into First Pledge
is hard enough,
but getting Quintana
to trust me on a big op,
that's entirely different.
And that's why we need to give
them leverage over you,
something that'll make you
do their bidding.
What do you have in mind?
I've already put
a plan in motion.
Sing Sing.
The prison?
There's a guard there
named Wilcox
who we think
is working for King.
What does he do
for First Pledge?
Mainly recruits ex-military
convicts on their way out.
I'm confused. What does
this have to do with our op?
We're gonna kill
two birds with one stone.
We're gonna prove
that guard is dirty,
and we're gonna give
King and Quintana
some leverage over you.
♪♪
Man: 10 minutes to count time.
10 minutes to count time
on block C.
♪♪
There she is.
How's it going
with Quintana?
Well, he took
the first step.
Next should be
the big ask.
Good.
Which one's Wilcox?
Tall guy, my two o'clock.
Ready to give him
a show?
Mm-hmm.
Ryan: Hey!
No touching!
Come on, man,
give me a break.
3 feet apart
at all times.
All times.
You gonna be okay?
If Ryan gets
there in time.
Go on, now.
You've done your part.
Unfortunately,
yours has just begun.
Be strong.
Any other way to be?
Man: Your attention --
visiting hours will be over
in 15 minutes.
All inmates remain
at your assigned table
until all visitors
have exited the building.
♪♪
All right.
Back to your cell, loverboy.
Let's go.
You really sold
that kiss.
That is the job.
And not a bad one.
Close 13!
Man: Closing 13!
♪♪
I've seen this.
You found something new?
-...not soldiers.
-Uh, hold on, Senator.
Let me finish --
-Your mercenaries behaved like
savages, murdering civilians,
burning down homes,
all while wearing
our flag on their arms.
If you'll let me
finish --
My time is limited here,
Mr. King,
and you've wasted
enough of it!
It's Colonel King!
And I won't be
lectured by some woman
who never wore
the uniform!
Ah. He can't tolerate
being challenged by a woman.
Yeah.
He wouldn't like you.
♪♪
I had everything.
I just couldn't see it.
Not until it was gone.
Then, um...
one day, a friend, he found me
at the bottom of that bottle.
And, uh, he helped me get clean,
he brought me into the program,
gave me a job.
And now it's...
five years later.
Here I am.
-Thank you.
-So proud of you. So proud.
-Thanks, bud.
I appreciate it.
-Hey, David.
-Hey.
I'm glad this program's
working for you,
and...thank you for being
my sponsor, but I just --
You don't think the program's
working for you.
It feels like a Band-Aid
on a bullet wound,
and you're helpless
to change it.
Hearing you talk about your job
and your boss just...
it made me realize
what I don't have.
The FBI hasn't
exactly been a friend
I can count on, you know?
Mm. If you're thinking
about quitting, don't.
At least, not yet.
Why not?
'Cause there may be
a way to get more
out of your job,
make it more meaningful.
Do you trust me, Alex?
You're my sponsor.
I think that's the deal.
Okay.
Just stick around.
There's someone
I want you to meet.
♪♪
Garrett King.
Have we met before?
No, but your reputation
precedes you.
As does yours.
Hop in.
♪♪
Garrett: The FBI has forced you
into the bottom
of a vodka bottle,
and I think you're looking for
a way out of that bottle.
Well, that's what
AA is for.
There are good people
in those meetings,
but none of them have
been hunted by
a bankrupt government
who long ago
lost its moral
authority.
What makes you think you
understand my pain?
Because every time you
break a case at the FBI --
finding the man
responsible for
the Grand Central bombing,
rooting out Roarke's
corrupt government --
you just forestall
the inevitable truth.
Which is?
The knowledge that America
is a dying anachronism.
You're tossing snowballs
into a forest fire.
And what are you doing?
The only sane thing
a person does.
I'm letting it burn.
♪♪
I'm hoping
we can be friends.
Have a good night,
Alex.
That's it?
I didn't agree
to anything.
I haven't offered
you anything.
♪♪
Hey.
So, what did you
think about Garrett?
What is there
to think about?
He didn't offer
me anything.
Right.
You make the offers,
and King stays clean.
My job is to find
the people who'd be good
at what we do.
I've done the research.
You'd be fantastic.
So, is this my red pill,
blue pill moment?
King found me
when I needed help.
First Pledge
saved my life.
But there are
sacrifices.
Just get to it, David.
What are you
asking me to do?
There's a North Korean defector,
Jun Ho Park,
who's being debriefed
in New York
by a federal task force.
I want you to use
your FBI credentials
to steal the defector's
protection details.
That's treason.
Or it's photocopying
a document.
It's all in how
you look at it.
I appreciate
the offer, David,
but it's not the change
I'm looking for.
Half a million dollars.
Buy a lot of change.
Just the protection
details.
I'll be in touch.
♪♪
Man: What can I get for you?
How's it going?
Look.
What is he looking at?
The little boy
on the swings.
His son?
Quintana's file says he's
estranged from his ex-wife,
has no contact with either
of them, hasn't for years.
At AA, Quintana said that,
before King saved him,
he lost everything
to his disease.
Everything and everyone,
apparently.
The question is, why hasn't
he tried to win them back?
♪♪
Are you ready
for one of those?
Is anybody?
♪♪
You can't just waltz
in here every time
you want
to break the law.
I get it. I get it.
And -- And --
And in principle, I agree.
But?
Either we can figure out
some cool, elaborate way
for Alex to break in here
and steal the protocols,
or you can just
go get them for us.
We both know that Alex Parrish
breaking in to First Pledge
represents our best chance to
catch Garrett King red-handed.
Fine.
But you were never here.
I owe you one, Carmella.
You owe me more than that.
We're just friends.
That's all.
How would you know that?
It's long over.
Guilty of what?
♪♪
Excuse me?
Yeah.
♪♪
Man: Escort
to visitor's entrance.
Escort to visitor's entrance.
♪♪
You got
a problem, rook?
Nope.
That's what I thought.
♪♪
[ Man speaking
indistinctly on P.A. ]
♪♪
Ryan: Whoa, whoa.
Hey, hey, hey!
What the hell's
going on here?!
Guy fell
in the shower.
Get the hell out of here.
Both of you, get!
♪♪
McGuigg:
Took you long enough.
Sorry. Had to wait for
one of them to take a picture.
They've done that
in the past.
Oh.
Yeah. Let's, uh...
Let's get you
to the infirmary.
That bad, huh?
Well, you've
looked better.
Come on.
♪♪
Did you get it?
I'm still waiting to hear
why I should trust you.
I've been up front with you
from the beginning.
Really?
Then why do I have a tail?
Blue Jetta,
Connecticut plates.
Don't be offended.
It's just part
of the vetting process.
Better?
Yeah.
Thanks.
♪♪
They're moving him
tomorrow.
Jun Ho Park.
Yes.
What is King
going to do?
It's not King.
You.
♪♪
I see.
This is
a bait and switch.
I don't work
that way, David.
I should've known this
was too good to be true.
What?
Is this how
King got to you?
I'm sorry.
No, you're not.
I really am.
So, everything you said to me
at AA was a lie,
how First Pledge
is gonna change my life.
It was the truth,
in a manner of speaking.
Son of a bitch.
Alex, if you don't do it,
they'll kill your boyfriend.
Do what?
What am I supposed to do?
Owen: They want you
to assassinate him?
Yep.
That's why
the North Koreans are here.
We can't expose
Jun Ho Park.
He's a once-in-a-lifetime
asset.
He knows the location of every
missile in the Korean arsenal.
That's why they
want him dead.
What if we just
made him disappear?
No. It has to happen
in public.
Exactly.
King made a deal
to assassinate someone
on U.S. soil.
Technically, it's not King.
It's Quintana.
By design.
And King has
dozens of Quintanas.
So how do we
pin it on King?
First things first.
We need to assassinate
Jun Ho Park.
♪♪
General Sharpe:
You want to do what?
As I said, the assassination
will be simulated.
How comforting.
General, King is
an American citizen
who has raised a small army,
colluding with our enemies
to plan an assassination
on American soil.
Just bring him in.
On what charge?
You want him for murder?
You want him for treason?
Then this hit, which we control,
is our best opportunity.
♪♪
You think the asset's going to
be on board with this?
He'll walk away with
the ultimate form
of witness protection --
all of his enemies
will think he's dead.
If this goes wrong,
it's on you.
Understood.
♪♪
Harry: Nope. Too old.
Too fat.
Okay. Well, we have looked
at 30 dead Asian men.
That's officially
making it a fetish.
You said this is part
of an FBI investigation?
Yeah, that's right,
so don't hold out on us
if you've got the nicer ones
stashed out in the back.
Harry!
Hmm?
Oh.
Cinderella,
the shoe fits.
♪♪
All right.
Let's do this.
I really am sorry.
♪♪
Can we hurry this up, please?
You, grab a torch,
torch something.
You know, this
isn't what we do here.
Presidential motorcade
needs new struts, that's us.
But this --
You're not up to it?
This double-o-seven stuff
takes time, lady.
The motor alone's
gonna take six hours.
Well, I need it in one.
Then you're looking at
a few gears
and a manual crank.
Do it.
♪♪
Ryan: Doc wants a follow-up.
Let's go.
Move it, convict!
How you feeling?
I feel bored.
How's my face?
You won't be kissing
Alex anytime soon.
Listen, you're gonna be
on your own for a bit.
Why?
What's going on?
Owen's pulling me
into the op.
What am I supposed
to do here?
Steer clear of Wilcox.
Try not to get shivved.
Yeah, good note.
♪♪
Okay, let's run
this from the top.
All right.
Apartment building at
West Broadway and White Street,
and I'm on the roof
with my First Pledge-supplied
rifle and scope.
At 11:40, I turn
on to West Broadway.
Jun Ho Park will be
in the back seat.
With 179 pounds
of silently praying
British man
stashed behind him.
The Koreans will be watching
from this building.
So then, I'll pull up
in the Red Hook van,
blocking their view.
Giving me just two secs
of cover to swap out
Jun Ho Park
with our cadaver.
When Harry gives the word,
I drive off...
And I take the shot.
So, even if
all of this works...
Which is a big if.
...that bullet passes
an inch from my head.
Well, give or take.
You'd have to be
an Olympic-level marksman
to make that shot.
Better be nice to her.
Yeah.
And don't flinch.
♪♪
Okay, Mr. Ho Park.
There's no need
to be nervous.
This is a precisely
engineered operation.
You don't seem...
so sure.
Huh? No.
I'm totally sure.
Completely, completely,
totally sure.
The first "totally"
would have been enough.
♪♪
Okay. Got one live Jun Ho
and one dead Jun Ho.
Could not have predicted
that sentence just 24 hours ago.
♪♪
Alex, eyes on the audience?
Koreans are on the southwest
corner, second floor.
Are you set?
Alex: Set.
We've got one shot
at this, Alex.
Pun intended.
Try not to give me a haircut.
Ryan, I'll be pulling up
on your left.
Copy that.
Now, Harry.
I'm getting it.
Oh, of course.
What?
Yep, yep, yep.
I'm getting it.
Man: Come on, move it!
All right, no,
you gotta move.
Damn thing's been
stalling out all week.
Man: What's the problem, lady?!
Get your fat ass
back in the car!
I'm getting it moving!
Where the hell
that come from?
I'm in character.
Harry, talk to me.
Yes.
-Yes!
-Go.
♪♪
Ryan, move to your left.
Ooh, I hate this, I hate this,
I hate this.
Ooh. I told you
this was crazy!
Did you guys make the switch?
Ryan lost connection.
Yes! Go, go!
Take the shot!
Now, Alex!
♪♪
Hoo!
Welcome to America.
♪♪
So, what's the plan
here, David?
We walk in, Garrett
says thanks, we leave.
Easy.
Owen: Do not leave easy.
We need King on tape saying
he authorized the hit on Park.
This is our moment.
We're standing by,
Alex.
We'll breach
on your signal.
So, how are you?
How do you think I am?
Look, I know this isn't
what you were expecting,
but I told you
there'd be sacrifices.
It's easy to say when you're not
the one making the sacrifice.
You think I didn't
make sacrifices?
What sacrifice have
you made, David?
Your family?
What do you know
about my family?
I saw you watching
your son at the park.
You followed me?
What'd you expect?
You recruited a spy.
I know this job probably
allows you to send
a lot of money to your son,
but what'll he think
when he knows
how you made it?
Is that why you
don't let him see you?
'Cause he'll see
what you've become?
We all do
what we have to do.
I've heard great things
about you, Alex.
What have you heard?
That you're going to be an
excellent addition to the team.
David will set you up
with an offshore account.
Unlike Uncle Sam,
you will be rewarded
handsomely for
your service here.
How handsomely?
What are you doing?
I'm sorry, David,
but I just don't feel the need
for a middleman anymore.
You want my service,
I serve only you.
I'm sorry, Garrett.
I had no idea
she was gonna do this.
It's okay. I want to hear
what she has to say.
Alex, find your moment
and then push him hard.
But be careful
when he snaps.
I got the protection details,
I chose the strike zone,
I executed the plan
that I created.
You created the plan?
Yep.
What about David?
Well, David's
a nice guy, but...
he's a little bit
of an errand boy.
What do you think
you're doing?
I'm negotiating.
No, but that's enough.
Let -- Let's go.
I want 50% of whatever
you got from the Koreans.
50%?
50%.
Without me, the defector
is still alive.
Just because a housekeeper
cleans the house,
doesn't mean she owns it.
Well, this housekeeper
just assassinated a man
in broad daylight
on the orders of a man
who's too scared
to even talk to his own son.
Scared? Who the hell
do you think you are?
What is she up to?
She's pissing him off.
Yeah? Well, I hope she knows
what she's doing.
She does.
If you want me,
I'm your new number one,
with everything
that goes with it.
That's the deal.
Take it or leave it.
It doesn't
work that way.
How does it work?
I talk to David,
David talks to you.
Exactly.
Well, then, I'm out.
Have a good evening,
gentlemen.
What?
She's leaving?
Hang on.
You going to say goodbye
to your boyfriend?
You touch him
and the next target I point
my weapon at is you.
One more step, Alex.
You do have a backbone.
Backbone?
That enough
backbone for you?
David: Garrett...
Alex, what's going on?
Alex?
Don't do this.
You have a comm in,
Alex.
It's a setup.
She's wearing a wire!
Stay here
and call it in.
♪♪
How much
does the FBI know?
Garrett, Garrett, stop!
There's no point in killing her.
Oh, no?!
Look, we have to
get out of here.
Whoever's on the other
side of that comm,
they're gonna be here
any second!
♪♪
Alex: Is that why you don't
let him see you?
'Cause he'll see
what you've become?
Get off her, Garrett!
Unh!
Have you lost your mind?
Yes.
A long time ago.
♪♪
Best friends forever.
-Best friends forever.
♪♪
-Alex is in the pool!
-Don't you dare die, Alex.
-It's Deputy Director Owen Hall.
-You're not gonna die.
You hear me?
-I have an agent down.
Repeat, agent down.
-Come on.
I need an ambulance.
♪♪
Andre and Isabella --
those are their names, right?
You left in order
to keep them safe.
It's been three years.
You completely vanished.
Where were you all this time?
My home is here,
Andrea, with you.
Do you want to live?
♪♪
Shelby: Alex, wake up!
Come on!
Harry: Home on, Alex.
Oh, yeah, yes, yes, yes.
Breathe, Alex!
Breathe, breathe,
breathe!
Owen, Owen, Owen!
He's alive, he's alive.
Hey. Hey.
Is
She's alive.
David,
I'm Owen Hall, FBI.
I need you
to focus for me now.
Help us find King.
Where is he headed?
Heliport...
Where?
South Street.
♪♪
Go.
I'll stay with Alex.
♪♪
Yep! There he is!
Hang on.
♪♪
Her lungs are full of fluid.
Getting suction ready.
Is she gonna be okay?
Prep it ATT 7-0.
Alex.
Alex!
How long was she under water?
I don't know.
She was already under
when I got there.
We need her
sedated and on PPV.
Got two working lines
and meds drawn up.
She's pregnant.
About 10 weeks.
We'll do what we can.
Run a high-flow O2.
Fetal monitor.
Get that thing charged.
Just keep
the breaths large.
♪♪
We need to oxygenate her
to keep the baby alive.
♪♪
What's your problem?
The hell you waiting for?!
Get him!
Ryan: Wilcox.
I hope you like this place.
You're, uh, gonna be spending
a lot of time here.
For what?
Conspiracy to commit
treason.
What the hell?
Time to tell us about
your little side hustle
for Garrett King.
Get up.
Special Agent Mike McQuigg.
Karma's a bitch,
ain't it?
You're under arrest.
♪♪
State is issuing
an extradition warrant for King.
And that's not even
the bad part.
Have you heard from Shelby?
How's Alex?
Yeah.
Hey.
I'll call when I can.
Yeah.
♪♪
Just...
I spent so much time
wishing I wasn't pregnant.
And now --
I know.
♪♪